Update create_a_module.md (#1900)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: _shared_content/develop/guides/automation/create_a_module.md

* The trigger will watch for new entries exposed by an HTTP endpoint
* The action will allow to send an HTTP request and return its response.

## Technical Requirements

- Clone the Github repository [SEKOIA-IO/automation-library](https://github.com/SEKOIA-IO/automation-library)

> - Install the SEKOIA's automation SDK. This SDK contains various command line utilities that will help us manage    modules.Simply run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install the SEKOIA's automation SDK. This SDK contains various command line utilities that will help us manage    modules. Simply run the following command:
```

7. The `error` method will mark the action as failed and send back the error to the API.
8. Finally, if everything went well we can return the results. The base action will take care of sending it back to the playbook API.

## Test your code 
Make sure you test your code with unitary and integration tests. In the following code, 

> we will test `get request`our previous example's action code. In practice, you have to cover most of the use cases of the module. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we will test `get request`our previous example's action code. In practice, you have to cover all the use cases of the module. 
```

```python
import pytest
import requests_mock
from pydantic import HttpUrl
from your_module import Request, RequestArguments, Response  # Adjust the import according to your module structure

@requests_mock.Mocker()
def test_get_request(mock_request):
    # Mock the HTTP response
    mock_response = {
        'status_code': 200,
        'headers': {'Content-Type': 'application/json'},
        'text': 'Success'
    }
    mock_request.get('http://example.com', status_code=mock_response['status_code'],
                     headers=mock_response['headers'], text=mock_response['text'])

    # Create the arguments
    arguments = RequestArguments(
        url='http://example.com',
        headers=None,
        method='get'
    )

    # Instantiate and run the action
    action = Request()
    result = action.run(arguments)

    # Assert the response
    assert result.status_code == mock_response['status_code']
    assert result.headers == mock_response['headers']
    assert result.text == mock_response['text']

```

> To run you test, poetry will be used for depencies installation and you can run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run your tests, Poetry will be used for dependency installation. You can install all the necessary dependencies by running the following command:
```

> ```
> To run your tests, Poetry will be used for dependency installation. You can install all the necessary dependencies and run your test with the following command:
> ```shell
> poetry run test_request.py
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
To effectively manage dependencies and run your tests, you should use Poetry. For more detailed information, you can check the [Poetry documentation](https://python-poetry.org/docs/). Additionally, you can look at the tests in the existing module.

> To run your tests, Poetry will be used for dependency installation. You can install all the necessary dependencies and run your test with the following command:
> ```shell
> poetry run test_request.py
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To effectively manage dependencies and run your tests, you should use Poetry. For more detailed information, you can check the [Poetry documentation](https://python-poetry.org/docs/). Additionally, you can look at the tests in the existing module.
```

3. Trigger is registered. The first argument of `module.register` is our action class and the second is the `docker_parameter` that is specified in our trigger's manifest.
4. Action is registered.

## Compliance Validation
This step will allow to check different components of the module and detect errors.

> Before that you need to un poetry install in the  `/_utils` directory to make sure all dependencies installed.  :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before that you need to run poetry install in the  `/_utils` directory to make sure all dependencies installed:
```

``` shell
poetry install 
```

> To check the correctness of the module you simply run :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check the correctness of the module you simply run:
```

```shell
python3 _utils/compliance/__main__.py check --module modules\<module_name> 
```

> That's it! Now we have a module ready to run !

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That's it! Now you are ready to request module homologation !
```

3. Trigger is registered. The first argument of `module.register` is our action class and the second is the `docker_parameter` that is specified in our trigger's manifest.
4. Action is registered.

## Compliance Validation
This step will enable you to verify different components of the module and detect any errors. Before proceeding, ensure all test dependencies are installed by running the following command in the /_utils directory:
``` shell
poetry install 
```
To check the correctness of the module the following command should be run :

```shell
poetry run python _utils/compliance/__main__.py check --module modules\<module_name> 
```
## Homologation request 

> Once you validated your unitary and integration tests and the compliance, you can proceed with homologation request. You can refer to this page in the doc and follow the required steps [section](../develop/guides/develop_integration/#step-3-homologate-your-automation-module).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have validated your unit and integration tests, as well as ensured compliance, you can proceed with the homologation request. Refer to this [section](../develop/guides/develop_integration/#step-3-homologate-your-automation-module) in the documentation and follow the required steps?
```

3. Trigger is registered. The first argument of `module.register` is our action class and the second is the `docker_parameter` that is specified in our trigger's manifest.
4. Action is registered.

## Compliance Validation

> This step will allow to check different components of the module and detect errors.
> Before that you need to run poetry install in the  `/_utils` directory to make sure all dependencies installed :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step will enable you to verify different components of the module and detect any errors. Before proceeding, ensure all test dependencies are installed by running the following command in the /_utils directory:
```

3. Trigger is registered. The first argument of `module.register` is our action class and the second is the `docker_parameter` that is specified in our trigger's manifest.
4. Action is registered.

## Compliance Validation
This step will allow to check different components of the module and detect errors.
Before that you need to run poetry install in the  `/_utils` directory to make sure all dependencies installed :
``` shell
poetry install 
```
To check the correctness of the module the following command should be run :

```shell
poetry run python _utils/compliance/__main__.py check --module modules\<module_name> 
```
## Homologation request 
Once you validated your unitary and integration tests and the compliance, you can proceed with homologation request. You can refer to this page in the doc and follow the required steps [section](../develop/guides/develop_integration/#step-3-homologate-your-automation-module).

> That's it! Now you are ready to request module homologation !

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
